socket options - change from 'STATE_LISTENING' to 'STATE_PREBIND' (#5842)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/integrations/aws/_index.md

{{% notice warning %}}
**Important notes**
- Gloo Edge does not open any proxy ports till at least one Virtual Service is successfully deployed. AWS ELB Health Checks are automatically created and can report that Gloo Edge is unhealthy until the port is open to connections, i.e., at least one Gloo Edge Virtual Service deployed. If your clients see 503 errors, double check the AWS ELB Health Checks are passing as it can take a couple of minutes for them to detect changes in the Gloo Edge proxy port status.

> - an AWS NLB has an idle timeout of 350 seconds that [cannot be changed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/network-load-balancers.html#connection-idle-timeout). This can lead to an increase in the number of reset TCP connections. This is a limitation of the load balancer in front of the Gloo Edge proxy, not a limitation of the proxy itself. To navigate this limitation, Gloo Edge can be configured with [socket options]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/integrations/aws/socket-options/" %}}), to set TCP keep alive for downstream connections to envoy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An AWS NLB has an idle timeout of 350 seconds that [you cannot change](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/network-load-balancers.html#connection-idle-timeout). This limitation can increase the number of reset TCP connections. Although this limitation is of the load balancer in front of the Gloo Edge proxy, and not of the proxy itself, you can configure Gloo Edge to help prevent TCP resets. To set TCP keep alive for downstream connections to Envoy, use [socket options]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/integrations/aws/socket-options/" %}}).
```
